Build on top of the bare minimum flutter application initialized in the current directory to an utility application to help users automate recurrent checklists. The goal is to automate the process of recurrent routines. The user can create events where each event is associated with a checklist. When the user choose to add a event, all the items in the checklist of this event will be added to a pool of checklist items, and the user can then check the items in the pool to get tasks done. The UI of the application consists of a sign in screen, a sign up screen, a checklist screen, a events screen, a settings screen. When the user first open the app, the user will be presented with the sign in screen, and by tapping on a sign up button on the sign in screen, the user can navigate to the sign up screen. Once the user successfully sign in, the user will be naviated to the main screen, which is a combination of checklist screen, events screen, and settings screen with a bottom navigator to navigate between them. The bottom navigator will have icons and text, for checklist screen, it will have a check mark icon and text "checklist", for event screen, it will have a list icon and text "events", for settings screen, it will have a setting icon and text "settings". The checklist screen should have a list of items. Each item is a row with checkbox on the left and text content of the item on the right. On the top of the checklist screen, there should be a icon button to sort the list and another button to delete all checked items. The event screen should have a list of events, each row should have 3 sub-rows, the first row is the event name and note, second row shows all the checlist items associated with it, and 3rd row are buttons for editing the event, deleting the event, and add new items to the event checklist. The events screen should have a floating button with "add" icon for adding new events. When the user taps on the add button, a pop up should show up to let user create a new event with name and note, and checklist items should not be added here but later by tapping on the add checklist button on the event row. The settings screen should have a button for the user to sign out, a button to delete account and all associated data in the database, and a drop down menu to switch between English, Chinese and default system language. The application should be internationalized to Engligh and Chinese. The events and the todo items should be stored in firebase firestore database under the user uid.

Add feature to add all items from a event into checklist pool. Add a button with text "add" to each event. When the user tap on the button, all items from the event will be added to the checklist pool.

Fix: tapping on the add button on checlist screen does not bring up the pop up to add an item.

Fix error when the user tap on the add checklist button in the events screen. It failed to add all items from the event to the checklist pool, and it error out with "no items to add from this event" when there are items.

The backend for the application is Firebase, but limit the product usage to Firebase authentication and Firebase Firestore. The project id for Firebase is `recurrent-checklist` which is already created. The framework used for the application is Flutter. For testing, only unit tests are used, do not create widget tests or integration tests. After implementing each task, run `flutter test` and `flutter build apk` to check correctness.

Change the app behavior. Adding items to events in events screen will not add the items in checklist screen. Add a new button in each event in events screen with add icon. When user tap the newly added button, all items from the event will be added to the checklist pool in checklist screen.