Build on top of the bare minimum flutter application initialized in the current directory to an utility application to help users automate recurrent checklists. You should use firebase as the backend for the application, but only use firebase authentication and firebase firestore and avoid using other firebase services. The goal is to automate the process of recurrent routines. The user can create events where each event is associated with a checklist. When the user choose to add a event, all the items in the checklist of this event will be added to a pool of checklist items, and the user can then check the items in the pool to get tasks done. The checklist in a event serve as a template. When the user add the event into the checklist pool, the items added will be a duplicate of the checklist in the event, checking or deleting it from the checklist pool should not affect the checklist in the event. The UI of the application consists of a sign in screen, a sign up screen, a checklist screen, a events screen, a settings screen. When the user first open the app, the user will be presented with the sign in screen, and by tapping on a sign up button on the sign in screen, the user can navigate to the sign up screen. Once the user successfully sign in, the user will be naviated to the main screen, which is a combination of checklist screen, events screen, and settings screen with a bottom navigator to navigate between them. The bottom navigator will have icons and text, for checklist screen, it will have a check mark icon and text "checklist", for event screen, it will have a list icon and text "events", for settings screen, it will have a setting icon and text "settings". The checklist screen should have a list of items. Each item is a row with checkbox on the left and text content of the item on the right. On the top of the checklist screen, there should be a icon button to sort the list and another button to delete all checked items. The event screen should have a list of events, each row should have 3 sub-rows, the first row is the event name and note, second row shows all the checlist items associated with it, and 3rd row are buttons for editing the event, deleting the event, and add new items to the event checklist. The events screen should have a floating button with "add" icon for adding new events. When the user taps on the add button, a pop up should show up to let user create a new event with name and note, and checklist items should not be added here but later by tapping on the add checklist button on the event row. The settings screen should have a button for the user to sign out, a button to delete account and all associated data in the database, and a drop down menu to switch between English, Chinese and default system language. The application should be internationalized to Engligh and Chinese. The events and the todo items should be stored in firebase firestore database under the user uid. You should use `flutter build apk` during development to make sure the changes do not break the build. Do not use `flutter run` to test.

Your task is to add internationalization support for Chinese. When the user selects Chinese in settings page, all content in the app should switch to Chinese.

Your task is to add a button next to add item button in event screen to remove items. when the user taps on this button, all checklist items in the event should have a remove button on the top right corner and have a shaking animation. When user taps on a checklist item in this state, it should be removed.

your task is to add a sorting method by added time in checklist screen.

when the checklist items in the event screen is in editable state, the delete icon button should be on the top right corner as a overlay so that the size of the button does not need to change.

add a feature to allow user schedule auto repeated add for a event. For example, I should be able to set that all checklist items from event A will be added to the pool at 4:00 am every 3 days. Add the UI, logic and the background job to implement this feature. 

your task is to find all places in the app that is not internationalized and internationalize them. make sure `flutter build aab` passes for the changes.